  This file gives a list of tools and libraries you used by the editor. The
list isn't complete so please report any missing stuff.
  The list is oriented to systems using the GNU tools, not for Borland and
Miscrosoft environments.
  IMPORTANT! most Linux systems have the needed libraries installed but
rarely have the headers installed. They are provided in separated packages
intended for development (XXXX-dev).

TOOLS
=====

Binutils:
---------

  They include the linker and assembler. They must be the GNU versions.

Compiler:
---------

  The code was compiled with GCC 2.7.x, 2.8.x, 2.95.x, egcs 1.x, 3.x and may
be other versions. As I can't have systems with all of them I can't be sure
all of them can be currently used.
  I suggest gcc 2.8.1 or newer because 2.7.2 had some bugs in the C++ library
and its workaround could go away soon.
  I don't recommend gcc 2.9.6 nor egcs 1.x because these compilers have too
much bugs. Workarounds for these problems were created but as I don't have
these compilers new code could break. I recommend using a more stable
compiler.
  The gcc 2.95.x compilers gave me very good results.
  The code cleanly compiled with gcc 3.0, 3.1.x, 3.2.x and 3.3 but each
release of gcc 3.x likes to break something in the C++ stuff so be patient
and report any problems. One particular detail is that gcc 3.x is much more
slower than gcc 2.95.x when compiling C++ code. This is because the standard
C++ library now follows the ISO 1998 standard much more closely and hence
does a heavy use of templates, it looks like gcc 3.x performance to compile
such a code is really bad.
  At the moment of this writing (june 2003) my recommendation is gcc 2.95.4.

bzip2:
------

  Optionally (configuration option) used to create the tarball distributions.

cwsdpmi:
--------

  Optional. Only needed to create the optional DOS installer.
  The cwsdpmi (DPMI Host for DOS) can be downloaded from:
  ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/djgpp/v2misc/

fileutils:
----------

  They are rm, cp, mv, etc. and all UNIX systems have them. DJGPP users must
install them.

gettext:
--------

  Needed for internationalization. They aren't mandatory. Note: this is one
of those packages that likes to break its API.
  Note: Solaris provides its own implementation but it isn't supported.

gzip:
-----

  Used only to create the tarball distributions.

make:
-----

  Obviously mandatory. You must install GNU make, other make tools aren't
enough. The executable can be called gmake to avoid collisions with the
native make tool.

Perl:
-----

  The configuration script and others are Perl scripts, you'll need Perl
5.x. I strongly recommend using it even when the tarball and zip files
usually contains preconfigured sources that will compile out-of-the-box in
many systems.

PMODE/DJ:
---------

  This is optional and only used to create the optional DOS installer. Even
in this case the package is not used by default.
  The pmodstub (PMODE/DJ stub) can be downloaded from:
  ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/djgpp/v2misc/
  
RHIDE:
------

  RHIDE users can configure the package and the compile it using the RHIDE
projects. But you'll need a really new RHIDE, some times even from CVS. So I
no longer recommend using RHIDE unless you are going to debug or modify the
code.
  At the moment of this writing (june 2003) I use RHIDE 1.5 from CVS.

shellutils:
-----------

  They are pwd, uname, etc. and all UNIX systems have them. DJGPP users must
install them.

tar:
----

  Used only to create the tarball distributions.
  Note: not all tar implementations are usable, get GNU tar if you have
problems with it.

Texinfo:
--------

  This is needed to create the on-line documentation. I tested versions newer
than 3.9. Lamentably that's a tools that likes to change the API introducing
very bad incompatibilities so please report any problems.
  At the moment of this writing (june 2003) the last version known to work is
4.5.
  Note for Debian GNU/Linux Potato: I found that makeinfo (the program needed
to create the docs) is located in a very strange package in Debian
distributions, I think is inside the Tetex package, as that's huge I just
extracted the needed file.

TeX:
----

  Only needed if you want to create the documentation in postscript format.
  This isn't used by the regular make procedure.

textutils:
----------

  They are cat, split, etc. and all UNIX systems have them. DJGPP users must
install them.

UPX:
----

  This is optional. You'll need it if you want to create a compressed
executable or create the optional DOS installer.
  It can be downloaded from http://upx.sf.net/


LIBRARIES
=========

Allegro:
--------

  Currently useful only for DOS. Versions 3.1 and newer are ok.
  This library is used for sound support. Without it you won't get MP3
support.
  It's also used to create the optional DOS installer. In this case you must
be sure that the dat and exedat Allegro tools are in the path.

bzlib:
------

  This library provides support for bzip2 compressed text and help files. The
source tree includes a version of bzlib known to work with the editor. You
don't need to install zlib but UNIX systems will take advantage of dynamic
libraries if you have it installed in your system. I tested versions 0.9.5d
and newers.

gpm:
----

  It provides mouse functionality for the Linux console. I tested versions
1.13, 1.14, 1.17.x and 1.19.x.
  Note: binaries compiled with a version usually fails to work if you change
the gpm daemon version.

libwin:
-------

  Optional. Needed only to create the optional DOS installer.
  libwin 0.1.2 by Richard Dawe and RegDos Group:
  http://www.bigfoot.com/~richdawe/

ncurses:
--------

  This is mandatory for UNIX systems where the X11 isn't available. But is
recommended for all UNIX systems because it is used when the terminal isn't
known. Versions 3.4 and newer were used. I remmember also testing with 4.2,
5.0, 5.2 and 5.3.
  Note: none of the listed versions compiles ok using gcc 3.3 and -Wall
because the headers contains chars as array indexes.

PCRE:
-----

  This is the Perl Compatible Regular Expressions library. It isn't mandatory
and the source tree provides a version of the library known to work with the
editor. It adds support for Perl regular expressions and user configurable
error parsers. Versions newer than 2.0.7 were tested.
  UNIX systems: I recommend installing it at system level to take advantage
of dynamic libraries.

Turbo Vision:
-------------

  You have to get a version that was released around the date of release of
this package. If you are compiling SETEdit from CVS get TV also from CVS.
  The configuration script checks if TV is ok, but the test will only reject
versions older than the needed. A newer version could be incompatible with
the editor.
  If you experiment problems get the version listed in config.pl, example:

$TVVersionNeeded='2.0.2';

X libraries:
------------

  They are needed to create a UNIX application that can connect to an X
server and provide a good text emulation. It works even better than the
ncurses driver. That's a must for UNIX systems with X11 installed.
  CygWin also provides X11 under Win32 systems. This is just a curiosity and
the editor supports it. When I tested it the performance was really poor but
the editor was functional.

ZLib:
-----

  This library provides support for gzip compressed text and help files. The
source tree includes a version of zlib known to work with the editor. You
don't need to install zlib but UNIX systems will take advantage of dynamic
libraries if you have it installed in your system. I tested versions 1.1.2
and newers.

